We're going to build a economy that in fact is going to provide for the ability of us to take 4 million buildings and make sure that they in fact are weatherized in a way that in fact will they'll emit significantly less gas and oil because the heat will not be going out. It is true, the reason I got in the race is when those people... Close your eyes, remember what those people look like coming out of the fields, carrying torches, their veins bulging, just spewing anti-Semitic bile and accompanied by the Ku Klux Klan. There's many people today driving their kids to soccer practice and/or black and white and Hispanic in the same car as there have been any time in the past, what really is a threat to the suburbs and their safety is his failure to deal with COVID. And what I'm going to do as President of the United States is call together an entire group of people at the White House, everything from the civil rights groups, to the police officers, to the police chiefs, and we're going to work this out. And the idea that he is insisting that we go forward and open when you have almost half the states in America with a significant increase in COVID deaths and COVID cases in the United States of America, and he wants to open it up more. Every serious company is talking about maybe having a vaccine done by the end of the year, but the distribution of that vaccine will not occur until sometime beginning of the middle of next year to get it out, if we get the vaccine. You should get out of your bunker and get out of the sand trap in your golf course and go in the Oval Office and bring together the Democrats and Republicans and fund what needs to be done now to save lives. The fact is that he has in fact, worked on this in a way that he's going to be the first president of the United States to leave office, having fewer jobs in his administration than when he became president. We should wait and see what the outcome of this election is because that's the only way the American people get to express their view is by who they elect as President and who they elect as Vice President. You should be able to, if in fact you can verify that's you before the ballot is thrown out, that's sufficient to be able to count the ballot because someone made a mistake and not dotting the correct I. The American people have a right to have a say in who the Supreme Court nominee is and that say occurs when they vote for United States Senators and when they vote for the President of United States. Number two, if in fact, during our administration in the recovery act, I was in charge able to bring down the cost of renewable energy to cheaper than are as cheap as coal and gas and oil. Number two, we're going to make sure that those people who want to vote in person are able to vote because there are enough poll watchers are there to make sure they can socially distance. They were going to give, his administration going to give the teachers and school students masks, and then they decided no, couldn't do that because it's not a national emergency. And one of the big debates we had with 23 of my colleagues trying to win the nomination that I won, were saying that Biden wanted to allow people to have private insurance still. Well, just take a look at what is the analysis done by Wall Street firms, points out that my economic plan would create 7 million more jobs than his in four years, number one. His own Homeland Security director, and as well as the FBI director, says that there is no evidence at all that mail-in ballots are a source of being manipulated and cheating. His own head of the CDC said if we just wore masks between now, if everybody wore a mask and social distanced between now and January, we'd probably save up to 100,000 lives. They need when they show up for a 9-11 call to have someone with them as a psychologist or psychiatrist to keep them from having to use force and be able to talk people down. He's in the Supreme Court right now trying to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, which will strip 20 million people from having health insurance now, if it goes into court. It's only for those people who are so poor they qualify for Medicaid they can get that free in most States, except Governors who want to deny people who are poor Medicaid. How many of you are in a situation where you lost your mom or dad and you couldn't even speak to them, you had a nurse holding a phone up so you could in fact say goodbye? And that ended when we, in fact, passed the Affordable Care Act, and there's a hundred million people who have pre-existing conditions and they'll be taken away as well. Instead of doing something about that, I would be gathering up and making sure we had the countries of the world coming up with $20 billion, and say, Here's $20 billion. Most don't like it, but we have to have a system where people are held accountable when... And by the way, violence in response is never appropriate, never appropriate. He went in and we were insisting that the people we had in the ground in China should be able to go to Wuhan and determine for themselves how dangerous this was. Number one, number two, we're going to make sure that we are able to take the federal fleet and turn it into a fleet that's run on their electric vehicles. He still hasn't even acknowledged that he knew this was happening, knew how dangerous it was going to be back in February, and he didn't even tell you. Look, what I support are the police having the opportunity to deal with the problems they face and I'm totally opposed to defunding the police offices. ... we're going to be in a position where we can create hard, hard, good jobs by making sure the environment is clean, and we all are in better shape. ... second point I'd make to you, is that when Floyd was killed, when Mr. Floyd was killed, there was a peaceful protest in front of the White House. We should be providing the money the House has passed in order to be able to go out and get people the help they need to keep their businesses open. But you folks at home, you folks living in Scranton and Claymont and all the small towns and working class towns in America, how well are you doing? Well, that's what he's going to try to do, but there's thousands of scientists out there, like here at this great hospital that don't work for him. Making sure that we can do that, we're going to put 500,000 charging stations in all of the highways that we're going to be building in the future. The fact is that there are going to be millions of people because of COVID that are going to be voting by mail-in ballots like he does, by the way. And this is all about trying to dissuade people from voting because he's trying to scare people into thinking that it's not going to be legitimate. With regard to being weaker, the fact is that I've gone head to head with Putin and made it clear to him we're not going to take any of his stuff. You've got to provide these businesses the ability to have the money to be able to reopen with the PPE, as well as with the sanitation they need. He's been totally irresponsible the way in which he has handled the social distancing and people wearing masks, basically encouraged them not to. As a matter of fact police, local police, the only one defunding in his budget calls for a $400 million cut in local law enforcement assistance. The fact is, it's going to create millions of good paying jobs, and these tax incentives for people to weatherize, which he wants to get rid of. This is a man who, in fact, you talk about helping African-Americans, one in 1000 African Americans has been killed because of the coronavirus. They should go to iwillvote.com, decide how they're going to vote, when they're going to vote, and what means by which they're going to vote. But she's written, before she went in the bench, which is her right, that she thinks that the Affordable Care Act is not Constitutional. And speaking of my son, the way you talk about the military, the way you talk about them being losers and being and just being suckers. Because he, in fact, already has costs 10 million people their healthcare that they had from their employers because of his recession. Just make sure you understand, you have it in your control to determine what this country is going to look like the next four years. Do you believe for a moment what he's telling you in light of all the lies he's told you about the whole issue relating to COVID? Look, the tax code that put him in a position that he pays less tax than on the money a school teacher makes is because of him... Look what's happened just in the Midwest with these storms that come through and wipe out entire sections and counties in Iowa. And he has no intention of doing anything about making it better for you all at home in terms of your health and your safety. His failure to deal with the environment, they're being flooded, they're being burned out because his refusal to do anything. There's systemic injustice in this country, in education and work and in law enforcement and the way in which it's enforced. Because once the winner is declared after all the ballots are counted, all the votes are counted, that'll be the end of it. He came out of his bunker, had the military use tear gas on them so he could walk across to a church and hold up a Bible. And number two, it would create an additional $1 trillion in economic growth, because it would be about buying American. You have 91 companies federal, I mean, the fortune 500, who don't pay a single penny in tax making billions of dollars. He doesn't want to calm things down instead of going in and talking to people and saying, Let's get everybody together. Billionaires have made another $300 billion because of his profligate tax proposal, and he only focused on the market. Look how much we're paying now to deal with the hurricanes, deal with... By the way, he has an answer for hurricanes. No one has established at all that there is fraud related to mail-in ballots, that somehow it's a fraudulent process. We have to have community policing like we had before where the officers get to know the people in the communities. This is a president who has used everything as a dog whistle, to try to generate racists hatred, racist division. The federal government spends $600 billion a year on everything from ships, to steel, to buildings and the like. Number two, there are 20 million people getting healthcare through Obamacare now that he wants to take it away. The difference is millionaires and billionaires like him in the middle of the COVID crisis have done very well. How many of you got up this morning and had an empty chair at the kitchen table because someone died of COVID? His own CDC Director says we could lose as many as another 200,000 people between now and the end of the year. He said he didn't tell us or give people a warning of it because he didn't want to panic the American people. And by the way, in terms of the whole notion of a vaccine, we're for a vaccine, but I don't trust him at all. And we have never walked away from trying to require equity for everyone, equality for the whole of America. Now, what's at stake here is the President's made it clear, he wants to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. Well, let me tell you something, it doesn't matter, because if we get the votes, it's going to be all over. People have to be made aware of what other people feel like, what insults them, what is demeaning to them. Why have you relaxed fuel economy standards that are going to create more pollution from cars and trucks? The billionaires have gotten much more wealthy by a tune of over $3- $400 billion more just since COVID. More carbon is absorbed in that rainforest than every bit of carbon that's emitted in the United States. And under my proposal, we're going to make sure that every penny of that has to be made by a company- It makes a gigantic difference in the way a child is able to grow up and have a sense of self-esteem. The general who was with him said all he ever wants to do is divide people, not unite people at all. This is a guy who says that you don't have to have mileage standards for automobiles that exist now. He ought to get on the job and take care of the needs of the American people so we can open safely. He still refuses to even say anything to Putin about the bounty on the heads of American soldiers. And, by the way, the 200,000 people that have died on his watch, how many of those have survived? A lot of people died and a lot more are going to die unless he gets a lot smarter, a lot quicker- And if he doesn't do something quickly, by the end of the year, one in 500 will have been killed. Not 15 bucks an hour, but prevailing wage, by having a new infrastructure that in fact, is green. Tens of thousands of people already voted and so the thing that should happen is we should wait. That's on the ballot as well and the court, in the court, and so that's also at stake right now. Secondly, the people who have lost their jobs are those people who have been on the front lines. Once again, a woman could pay more money because she has a pre-existing condition of pregnancy. And by the way, maybe you could inject some bleach in your arm, and that would take care of it. People who've been putting themselves in the way to make sure that we could all try to make it. They're not going to get that chance now because we're in the middle of an election already. And by the way his own former spokesperson said, Riots and chaos and violence help he cause. They look down their nose on people like Irish Catholics, like me, who grow up in Scranton. He's own FBI Director said unlike white supremacist, Antifa is an idea not an organization- We spend billions of dollars now, billions of dollars, on floods, hurricanes, rising seas. The platform of the Democratic Party is what I, in fact, approved of, what I approved of. Why does he take care of the... You can't fix the economy until you fix the COVID crisis. But look, the vast majority of police officers are good, decent, honorable men and women. Well, first of all, thank you for doing this and looking forward to this, Mr. President. Those people who have been saving our lives, those people who have been out there dying. ... testified under oath in his administration said I did my job and I did it very well. Anyone who qualifies for Medicaid would automatically be enrolled in the public option. Not only not costing people jobs, creating jobs, creating millions of good-paying jobs. But we've never accomplished it, but we've never walked away from it like he has done. So we changed the way in which we have more transparency, in when these things happen. Many people don't want to hurt other people's feelings, but it makes a big difference. And the fact of the matter is, violent crime went down 17%, 15% in our administration. We were able to have an economic recovery that created the jobs you're talking about. Here's the point, the point is that that's why he keeps trying to rile everything up. What does it mean for them going forward if you strike down the Affordable Care Act? The only way we're going to bring this country together is bring everybody together. Under this president, we become weaker, sicker, poor, more divided and more violent. There's so many things that we can do now to create thousands and thousands of jobs. And the justice, I'm not opposed to the justice, she seems like a very fine person. When we were in office there were 15% less violence in America than there is today. They risk their lives every day to take care of us, but there are some bad apples. I've made it clear in my public statements that the violence should be prosecuted. If it doesn't get in until the seventh, eighth, ninth, it still should be counted. The Biden plan, which is different than what he calls the radical Green New Deal. ... we inherited the worst recession, short of a depression in American history. It's a little bit like how this guy and his friends look down on so many people. The polls are open on time, and the polls stay open until the votes are counted. When you get a ballot and you fill it out, you're supposed to have an affidavit. Look, the way to open businesses is give them the wherewithal to be able open. I will join the Paris Accord because with us out of it, look what's happening. And If you don't, then you're going to have significant economic consequences. Yeah, because what he did, even before COVID, manufacturing went in the hole. I'm sure that you've already fired most of them, because they did a good job. He just pours gasoline in the fire constantly and every single solitary time. He sits behind the Resolute Desk and sends his ballot to Florida, number one. He cannot stop you from being able to determine the outcome of this election. Is it going to change, or are you going to get four more years of these lies? Some of these ballots in some states can't even be opened until election day. But by the way, if in fact he says, he's not sure what he's going to accept. The other thing that's on the court, and if it's struck down, what happens? If he wins the election and the Senate is Republican, then he goes forward. The vast majority of the American people would still not be in that option. What it's going to do, it's going to create thousands and millions of jobs. He's been running on that, he ran on that and he's been governing on that. They're able to charge women more for the same exact procedure a man gets. Those pre-existing conditions, insurance companies are going to love this. You in the home, you got less you're in more trouble than you were before. We're not going to build plants that, in fact, are great polluting plants- When the votes are counted and they're all counted, that will be accepted. I'll tell you what, he is not for any help for people needing healthcare. It should be prosecuted and anyone who committed it should be prosecuted. I am concerned that any court would settle this, because here's the deal. They've been voting by ballots since the end of the Civil War, in effect. In addition to that, about between 750 and 1000 people a day are dying. You pointed out he puts pressure and disagrees with his own scientists. And what he did has been disastrous for the African-American community. He said we owe him debt of gratitude for being so transparent with us. A young woman got killed and they asked the president what he thought. Every body in your administration tells you the true, it's a bad idea. And if there's thousands of ballots, it's going to take time to do it. He won't ever look you in the eye and say that's what he wants to do. A reporter came up to him to ask him a question, he said, No, no, no. And make sure that we invest in the people who in fact need the help. By the way, I'm going to eliminate a significant number of the taxes. And when they occur, when they find them, they have to be sorted out. The rainforests of Brazil are being torn down, are being ripped down. He said, maybe we should drop a nuclear weapon on them, and they may- And he said, if we just wear a mask, we can save half those numbers. He doesn't want to let me answer, because he knows I have the truth. Mitt Romney on that committee said it wasn't worth taxpayer's money. The final question is, I can't remember which of all his rantings  . What they're saying is that it has to be a postmark by election day. And talk about someone who has no relationship with foreign policy. We, in fact, have 4% of the world's population, 20% of the deaths. When he was presented with that number, he said, It is what it is. He brought them back right here in the state of Ohio and Michigan. And with regard to more divided the nation, it can't stay divided. I'm talking about my son, Beau Biden, you're talking about Hunter? Who they voted for, testify, say who they voted for, say it's you. And so it's just not appropriate to do this before this election. He knew all the way back in February how serious this crisis was. He says he's smart because he can take advantage of the tax code. Five states have had mail-in ballots for the last decade or more. The deal is that it's going to wipe out pre-existing conditions. They can in fact take care of it if he just stay out of the way. What I proposed is that we expand Obamacare and we increase it. The point is that the President also is opposed to Roe V. Wade. The fact is that everything he's saying so far is simply a lie.