He's in the Supreme Court right now trying to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, which will strip 20 million people from having health insurance now, if it goes into court. But she's written, before she went in the bench, which is her right, that she thinks that the Affordable Care Act is not Constitutional. The platform of the Democratic Party is what I, in fact, approved of, what I approved of. That's on the ballot as well and the court, in the court, and so that's also at stake right now. I'm not going to answer the question. You should get out of your bunker and get out of the sand trap in your golf course and go in the Oval Office and bring together the Democrats and Republicans and fund what needs to be done now to save lives. What we trust is a scientist. No more than the question you just asked him. I was asked to bring it back. He brought them back right here in the state of Ohio and Michigan. My son did nothing wrong at Barisma- His position has been totally thoroughly discredited- Well, by the media, by our allies. By the World Bank- By everyone, has discredited. And we have never walked away from trying to require equity for everyone, equality for the whole of America. A young woman got killed and they asked the president what he thought. ... second point I'd make to you, is that when Floyd was killed, when Mr. Floyd was killed, there was a peaceful protest in front of the White House. He came out of his bunker, had the military use tear gas on them so he could walk across to a church and hold up a Bible. That is not peaceful protest. You in the home, you got less you're in more trouble than you were before. It was all discredited. That report is totally discredited. Number two, if in fact, during our administration in the recovery act, I was in charge able to bring down the cost of renewable energy to cheaper than are as cheap as coal and gas and oil. No one's going to build another oil fire plant in America. Gas and oil because the heat will not be going out. Instead of doing something about that, I would be gathering up and making sure we had the countries of the world coming up with $20 billion, and say, Here's $20 billion. And If you don't, then you're going to have significant economic consequences. We're in real trouble. But the rest of the world, we've got to get them to come along. That's why we have to get back into the Paris Accord. And you don't have to solicit the ballot. He's just afraid of counting the votes- When you get a ballot and you fill it out, you're supposed to have an affidavit. It's honest.

We should wait and see what the outcome of this election is because that's the only way the American people get to express their view is by who they elect as President and who they elect as Vice President. I'll tell you what, he is not for any help for people needing healthcare. Because he, in fact, already has costs 10 million people their healthcare that they had from their employers because of his recession. He said he didn't tell us or give people a warning of it because he didn't want to panic the American people. We should be providing the money the House has passed in order to be able to go out and get people the help they need to keep their businesses open. A lot of people died and a lot more are going to die unless he gets a lot smarter, a lot quicker- He's not worried about the people out there  . Secondly, the people who have lost their jobs are those people who have been on the front lines. Those people who have been saving our lives, those people who have been out there dying. He ought to get on the job and take care of the needs of the American people so we can open safely. Because you in fact passed that, that was your tax proposal. Not lower tax for the American people. You, the American people, it's about you. They look down on people who don't have money. They look down on people who are of a different faith. There's many people today driving their kids to soccer practice and/or black and white and Hispanic in the same car as there have been any time in the past, what really is a threat to the suburbs and their safety is his failure to deal with COVID. We have to have community policing like we had before where the officers get to know the people in the communities. The fact is, it's going to create millions of good paying jobs, and these tax incentives for people to weatherize, which he wants to get rid of. And this is all about trying to dissuade people from voting because he's trying to scare people into thinking that it's not going to be legitimate.

The American people have a right to have a say in who the Supreme Court nominee is and that say occurs when they vote for United States Senators and when they vote for the President of United States. Prepare to let people vote. They should go to iwillvote.com, decide how they're going to vote, when they're going to vote, and what means by which they're going to vote. Number two, we're going to make sure that those people who want to vote in person are able to vote because there are enough poll watchers are there to make sure they can socially distance. Vote, vote, vote.

Well, first of all, thank you for doing this and looking forward to this, Mr. President. They're not going to get that chance now because we're in the middle of an election already. He's been running on that, he ran on that and he's been governing on that. And so it's just not appropriate to do this before this election. If he wins the election and the Senate is Republican, then he goes forward. You're not going to be able to shut him up. And so the election is all- Good healthcare. He has not done healthcare. I'm not going to listen to him. I'm not here to call out his lies. Will you shut up, man? This is so un-Presidential. In addition to that, what did he do? He went in and we were insisting that the people we had in the ground in China should be able to go to Wuhan and determine for themselves how dangerous this was. I laid out back in March, exactly what we should be doing. And there was no one ... We didn't shut down the economy. This is his economy he shut down. The reason it's shut down is because, look, you folks at home. This is the same man who told you- This is the same man. Well, that's what he's going to try to do, but there's thousands of scientists out there, like here at this great hospital that don't work for him. Do you believe for a moment what he's telling you in light of all the lies he's told you about the whole issue relating to COVID? You've got to provide these businesses the ability to have the money to be able to reopen with the PPE, as well as with the sanitation they need. You have to provide them classic- Will he just shush for a minute? Well, I mean, literally, think about it. You just admitted you'd shut it down. Look, the way to open businesses is give them the wherewithal to be able open. He's not worried about you. Yes, I would. He's a fool on this. Do I get my time back? And the idea that he is insisting that we go forward and open when you have almost half the states in America with a significant increase in COVID deaths and COVID cases in the United States of America, and he wants to open it up more. Why does he take care of the... You can't fix the economy until you fix the COVID crisis. And he has no intention of doing anything about making it better for you all at home in terms of your health and your safety. Why aren't schools open? Because you weren't president- You're the worst president America has ever had. Well, just take a look at what is the analysis done by Wall Street firms, points out that my economic plan would create 7 million more jobs than his in four years, number one. The federal government spends $600 billion a year on everything from ships, to steel, to buildings and the like. Yeah, you got it done- The economy- Look- We handed him a booming economy, he blew it. He blew it. He blew it. He blew it. And so you take a look at what he's actually done. We have a higher deficit with China now than we did before. And if he doesn't do something quickly, by the end of the year, one in 500 will have been killed. This man is as a savior of African-Americans? You have to look at what he did. I've never said- Yes, there is. And what I'm going to do as President of the United States is call together an entire group of people at the White House, everything from the civil rights groups, to the police officers, to the police chiefs, and we're going to work this out. We're going to work this out. This is ridiculous. It's gone up on his watch. His failure to deal with the environment, they're being flooded, they're being burned out because his refusal to do anything. We don't have time to do anything. I've made it clear in my public statements that the violence should be prosecuted. You have no idea about anything. With regard to being weaker, the fact is that I've gone head to head with Putin and made it clear to him we're not going to take any of his stuff. He still refuses to even say anything to Putin about the bounty on the heads of American soldiers. He's President United States. He was not a loser. And I resent- He's overtaking it. Number one, number two, we're going to make sure that we are able to take the federal fleet and turn it into a fleet that's run on their electric vehicles. Making sure that we can do that, we're going to put 500,000 charging stations in all of the highways that we're going to be building in the future. That is not- Simply... Look- That is simply not the case- What it's going to do, it's going to create thousands and millions of jobs. Yeah, he did say that- ... we're going to be in a position where we can create hard, hard, good jobs by making sure the environment is clean, and we all are in better shape. I did not say that- Play it. You will determine the outcome of this election. He cannot stop you from being able to determine the outcome of this election. Just make sure you understand, you have it in your control to determine what this country is going to look like the next four years. Is it going to change, or are you going to get four more years of these lies? There is no evidence of that- There is no evidence of that- Five states have had mail-in ballots for the last decade or more. You should be able to, if in fact you can verify that's you before the ballot is thrown out, that's sufficient to be able to count the ballot because someone made a mistake and not dotting the correct I. And if there's thousands of ballots, it's going to take time to do it. And that's what's going to happen. No one has established at all that there is fraud related to mail-in ballots, that somehow it's a fraudulent process. If it's not me, I'll support the outcome. And I'll be a president, not just for the Democrats. I'll be a president for Democrats and Republicans. And this guy-

That is not true. That is not true. That is not true. That is not true. That is not true. That is not true.

And that ended when we, in fact, passed the Affordable Care Act, and there's a hundred million people who have pre-existing conditions and they'll be taken away as well. They sure do. When he was presented with that number, he said, It is what it is. How many of you are in a situation where you lost your mom or dad and you couldn't even speak to them, you had a nurse holding a phone up so you could in fact say goodbye? They're the people... And by the way- By the way- He's on record as saying it. That's what he said, I'm going to be okay. The fact is that he has in fact, worked on this in a way that he's going to be the first president of the United States to leave office, having fewer jobs in his administration than when he became president. People who've been putting themselves in the way to make sure that we could all try to make it. And make sure that we invest in the people who in fact need the help. And under my proposal, we're going to make sure that every penny of that has to be made by a company- By the way, I'm going to eliminate a significant number of the taxes. And in fact, they're gone- And by the way- It is not a fact. And matter of fact   Matter of fact- ... testified under oath in his administration said I did my job and I did it very well. The Bishop of that very church said that it was a disgrace. This is a man who, in fact, you talk about helping African-Americans, one in 1000 African Americans has been killed because of the coronavirus. There's systemic injustice in this country, in education and work and in law enforcement and the way in which it's enforced. They can in fact take care of it if he just stay out of the way. We're going to build a economy that in fact is going to provide for the ability of us to take 4 million buildings and make sure that they in fact are weatherized in a way that in fact will they'll emit significantly less gas and oil because the heat will not be going out. This is the guy who says that, the fact that- He said, maybe we should drop a nuclear weapon on them, and they may- We're not going to build plants that, in fact, are great polluting plants- His own Homeland Security director, and as well as the FBI director, says that there is no evidence at all that mail-in ballots are a source of being manipulated and cheating. They said that. The fact is that there are going to be millions of people because of COVID that are going to be voting by mail-in ballots like he does, by the way. But by the way, if in fact he says, he's not sure what he's going to accept.

Look he's the deal. Because here's the deal, here's the deal. He talks about these great trade deals. Here's the deal. And here's the deal- Look how much we're paying now to deal with the hurricanes, deal with... By the way, he has an answer for hurricanes. Here's the deal.

He doesn't know how to do that. And the fact is this man doesn't know what he's talking about. He knew it was a deadly disease. I know how to do the job. I know you don't. He doesn't know how to do that- If you didn't know, you have someone say that, this is me.

I'm happy to talk about this. He won't ever look you in the eye and say that's what he wants to do. Every serious company is talking about maybe having a vaccine done by the end of the year, but the distribution of that vaccine will not occur until sometime beginning of the middle of next year to get it out, if we get the vaccine. Well, let's have this debate- Why is he want to open it up? He doesn't want to let me answer, because he knows I have the truth. I don't want to do that. It doesn't want to talk about what you need. That's what we're talking about here. Look, the fact is that you have to look at what he talks about. He doesn't want to calm things down instead of going in and talking to people and saying, Let's get everybody together. He has no idea what he's talking about.

He has no plan for healthcare. He does not have a plan. He doesn't have a plan. I'm talking about the Biden plan  - That is not my plan  .