Well, I'll ask Joe. Let me just tell you something. But let me just say something. But I'll tell you, Joe, you could never have done the job that we did. Let me just tell you something, Joe. And let me just tell you, there was a story in one of the papers that paid- But let me tell you- Let me- But let me just tell you- Chris, let me just say something, that it was the tax laws. Hey, Joe, let me just tell you, Joe. And they've got you wrapped around their finger, Joe, to a point where you don't want to say anything about law and order. And I'll tell you what, the people of this country want and demand law and order and you're afraid to even say it. ... don't want to talk, like you, about law and order. Are you in favor of law and order? Are you in favor of law and order? The numbers are going up a 100%, 150%, 200% crime, it is crazy what's going on and he doesn't want to say law and order because he can't because he'll lose his radical left supporters and once he does that, it's over with. Name one law enforcement group that came out in support of you. And I'll tell you why- I'll tell you what it means-

Okay, Justice Ginsburg said very powerfully, very strongly, at some point 10 years ago or so, she said a President and the Senate is elected for a period of time, but a President is elected for four years. We're not elected for three years. You could have done it during your 47 year period in government, but you didn't do it. In 47 months, I've done more than you've done in 47 years, Joe. Ohio had the best year it's ever had last year. Because there is never been an administration or president who has done more than I've done in a period of three and a half years.

We have the Senate, we have the White House, and we have a phenomenal nominee respected by all. She's going to be as good as anybody that has served on that court. There's no way they would give it up. So we have the Senate, we have a President- During that period of time, during that period of time, we have an opening. You're going to socialist- Your party doesn't say it. And they're going to dominate you, Joe. Why is it on the ballot? Why is it on the ballot? It's not on the ballot. I got rid of the individual mandate, which was a big chunk of Obamacare. Well, first of all, I guess I'm debating you, not him, but that's okay. Drug prices will be coming down 80 or 90%. All of the things that we've done. Take a look at all of the drugs that what we're doing. Prescription drug prices, we're going to allow our Governors now to go to other countries to buy drugs because when they paid just a tiny fraction of what we do. Joe, you agreed with Bernie Sanders, who's far left, on the manifesto, we call it. If Pocahontas would have left two days early you would have lost every primary. He just lost the left. Obamacare, as you might know but probably don't, Obamacare is no good. Obamacare is no good. Listen, this is the way it is. And I just had a meeting with them. He is not going to give a list. So, if we would have listened to you. They stopped it from going in, but it was China's fault. Oh really, go take a look. We got the masks. The only thing I haven't done a good job, and that's because of the fake news, no matter what you say to them, they give you a bad press on it. You don't have it in your blood. It is a very political thing. I've spoken to Pfizer, I've spoken to all of the people that you have to speak to, Moderna, Johnson & Johnson, and others. No, I disagree with both of them. Well, we're going to deliver it right away. We have the military all set up. We have our military that delivers soldiers and they can do 200,000 a day. They're going to be delivering- It's all set up. We spoke to the scientists that are in charge- ... they will have the vaccine very soon. There's nothing smart about you, Joe. If you would have had the charge of what I was put through, I had to close the greatest economy of the history of our country. But those states- You have to understand, if you look... Tonight, as an example, everybody's had a test and you've had social distancing and all of the things that you have to, but I wear masks- ... when needed. Every time you see him, he's got a mask. He could be speaking 200 feet away from him and he shows up with the biggest mask I've ever seen. I'm okay with masks. I mean- Well, so far we have had no problem whatsoever. We do them outside, we have tremendous crowds, as you see, and literally on 24 hours notice. We closed it down because of the China plague. When the plague came in, we closed it down, which was very hard psychologically to do. Should have never happened from China. But what happened is we closed it down and now we're reopening and we're doing record business. One of them came out last week, you saw that, Oh, we're going to open up on November 9th. When you look at North Carolina, when you look, and these governors are under siege, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and a couple of others, you got to open these states up. And you look at what's going on with divorce, look at what's going on with alcoholism and drugs. Our country is coming back incredibly well, setting records as it does it. I have to respond to that. It's almost like a ghost town, and I'm not sure it can ever recover what they've done to New York. By the way, I brought back Big Ten football. It was me and I'm very happy to do it- You'll see it as soon as it's finished, you'll see it. Which by the way, was given to me by the Obama administration, if you can believe that. Now the man got fired right after that happened, but that's- That's okay. Why didn't you do it before, when you were vice president with Obama? I got it done. And plenty of companies that are already here, they'll leave for other places. He was in booming. What did he do to deserve it? What did he do with- ... to deserve $183,000? By the media, because they refuse to talk about it- ... because they're embarrassed. Every single one of them lost a fortune- It's a very important question- He stood up- ... and the threatened Ukraine- ... with a billion dollars- Well, that's all right, but he does plenty. He does plenty. So you did that and they call you a super predator and I'm letting people out of jail now, that you have treated the African-American population community, you have treated the black community about as bad as anybody in this country. You did the 1990... And that's why, if you look at the polls, I'm doing better than any Republican has done in a long time, because they saw what you did. You call them super predators, and you've called them worse than that. Because if you say those words, you're going to lose all of your radical left supporters. If called us in Portland, we would put out that fire in a half an hour. But they won't do it, because they're run by radical left Democrats. If you look at Chicago, if you look at any place you want to look, Seattle, they heard we were coming in the following day and they put up their hands and we got back Seattle. I ended it because it's racist. That it a radical revolution that was taking place in our military, in our schools, all over the place. I'm not going to allow that to happen. We have to go back to the core values of this country. And I'm not going to allow that to happen. You look at Ferguson, you look at, or you go to very... But the reason- ... is that the Democrats that run these cities- And you still haven't mentioned. The places we had trouble were democratic run cities- I think as a party issue, you can bring in a couple of examples but if you look at Chicago, what's going on in Chicago where a 53 people were shot and eight died shot, if you look at New York where it's going up, like nobody's ever seen anything. But if he ever got to run this country and they ran it the way he would want to run it, we would have by the way our suburbs would be gone. And you would see problems like you've never seen before. That's not what they are talking about this. I sent in the US Marshalls to get the killer of a young man in the middle of the street and they shot him for three days Portland didn't do anything. Does it mean I have to answer his stuff. Sure, I'm will to do that. I would say almost everything I see is from the left wing not from the right wing. But I'll tell you what somebody's got to do something about Antifa and the left because this is not a right wing problem this is a left wing. Oh you got to be kidding me. But despite going through all of these things where I had a fight, both flanks and behind me and above there has never been an administration that's done what I've done. Everything was going. And by the way, there was unity going to happen. But now we're building it back up again. It was a mess. They left 128 openings and if I were a member of his party, because they have a little different philosophy, I'd say, if you left us 128 openings you can't be a good president. He made a fortune and he didn't have a job. If you look at our numbers right now, we are doing phenomenally. If you look at the Paris Accord, it was a disaster from our standpoint. You've got to have forest management. I believe that we have to do everything we can to have immaculate air immaculate water and do whatever else we can that's good. If that was cleaned, if that were, if you had forest management, good forest management, you wouldn't be getting those calls. In Europe, they live they're forest cities. I was with the head of a major country, it's a forest city. That's burning down because of a lack of management. Well, not really because what's happening is the car is much less expensive and it's a much safer car and you talk it about a tiny difference. And then what would happen because of the cost of the car you would have at least double and triple the number of cars purchased. If you did that, the car would be safer. It would be much cheaper by $3,500. Now, by the way, we're going to see how that turns out. And I'm okay with electric cars too. And by the way, he made a couple of statements. He made a statement about the military. He and his friends made it up, and then they went with it. You're on tape- Oh, well, that's a big statement. So when I listen to Joe talking about a transition, there has been no transition from when I won. And if you look at crooked Hillary Clinton, if you look at all of the different people, there was no transition, because they came after me trying to do a coup. From the day I came down the escalator with our first lady, they were a disaster. They were a disgrace to our country, and we've caught them. We've got it all on tape. You better take a look at that, because we caught you in a sense, and President Obama was sitting in the office. They found some, just happened to have the name Trump just the other day in a wastepaper basket. They're being sent all over the place. This is going to be a fraud like you've never seen. They're not losing 2%, 1%, which by the way is too much. It's a fraud, and it's a shame. And can you imagine where they say, You have to have your ballot in by November 10th. They throw them out- ... left and right. What you do is you go and vote. You do a solicited ballot, and that's okay- You go and vote. Did you see what's going on? This is a horrible thing for our country. This is not going to end well. This is not going to end well- I love counting the votes  - Chris, he's so wrong when he makes a statement like that- Excuse me  - Could be months- I'm urging my supporters to go in to the polls and watch very carefully, because that's what has to happen. I am urging them to do it. In Philadelphia, they went in to watch. But if I see tens of thousands of ballots being manipulated, I can't go along with that. There were military. They all had the name Trump on them.

I paid millions of dollars in taxes, millions of dollars of income tax. Millions of dollars. Millions of dollars. Why did he deserve three and a half million from Moscow? You son got three and a half million dollars. You're sending out 80 million ballots-

That's not what you've said and it's not what your party is saying. Are you saying you didn't agree? They said the problem is, no matter how well you run Obamacare, it's a disaster. By my doing it early, in fact, Dr. Fauci said, President Trump saved thousands of lives. Many of your Democrat Governors said, President Trump did a phenomenal job. In fact, people that would not be necessarily on my side said that, President Trump did a phenomenal job. And they've also said the opposite. He said, Masks are good. They said it would take... No, you're on number two. I never said it.

Even if we did it after the election itself. They had Merrick Garland, but the problem is they didn't have the election so they were stopped. So we won the election and we have the right to do it, Chris. Because they want to give good healthcare. Chris, we want to get rid of that and give something that's cheaper and better. Well, he wants to shut down this country and I want to keep it open, and we did a great thing by shutting it down- He wants to shut down the country. If you look at Pennsylvania, if you look at certain states that have been shut down, they have Democrat governors, all, one of the reasons they shut down is because they want to keep it shut down until after the election on November 3rd. And he wants to close down the... And I'm telling you it's because they don't want to open it. They don't want to be shut down. They don't want their state shut down. Give me a name, give me a name, go ahead who do you want me to condemn. You can't be a good vice president but I want to thank you because it gives us almost, it'll probably be above that number. On November 3rd, you're watching, and you see who won the election. If it's a fair election- It means you have a fraudulent election.

Because you know what? We had to, because we didn't know anything about the disease. People know what to do. And you know what happened? Because you know what? And you know it, and so does everybody else. I don't know Beau. We might not know for months because these ballots are going to be all over.

And we won the election and therefore we have the right to choose her, and very few people knowingly would say otherwise. Joe, the hundred million people is totally wrong. The bigger problem that you have is that you're going to extinguish 180 million people with their private health care, that they're very happy this. Joe, you've had 308,000 military people dying because you couldn't provide them proper healthcare in the military. And if you were here, it wouldn't be 200, it would be two million people because you were very late on the draw. But more importantly, I want to help people. If we would've listened to you, the country would have been left wide open, millions of people would have died, not 200,000. And, by the way, when you talk about numbers, you don't know how many people died in China. Because people want to hear what I have to say. We've had no negative effect, and we've had 35, 40,000 people at these rallies. ... and people of Ohio are very proud of me. Before I came here, I was a private developer, I was a private business people. And really, they were teaching people to hate our country And I'm not going to do that. And people are actually very happy about what's going on because our businesses are doing well.

The only difference is they'd try and do it faster. They can go faster than that by a lot. We learned a lot. We use airports and hangers and we have a lot of people- Much faster. You make up a lot- They have mailmen with lots of it.

And by the way, the Democrats, they wouldn't even think about not doing it. It's so wrong. You didn't think we should have closed our country because you thought it was terrible. He didn't think we should close it down and he was wrong. I think to an extent, yes, but I also think we have to do better management of our forest. And I think we're going to do well because people are really happy with the job we've done. But for the ballots, I think so, because what's happening is incredible. You're wrong. You're wrong  .