We won the election. Elections have consequences. We have the Senate, we have the White House, and we have a phenomenal nominee respected by all. Top, top academic, good in every way. Good in every way. We have plenty of time. Even if we did it after the election itself. And we won the election and therefore we have the right to choose her, and very few people knowingly would say otherwise. There aren't a hundred million people with pre-existing conditions. As far as a say is concerned, the people already had their say. Okay, Justice Ginsburg said very powerfully, very strongly, at some point 10 years ago or so, she said a President and the Senate is elected for a period of time, but a President is elected for four years. We're not elected for three years. I'm elected for four years. The bigger problem that you have is that you're going to extinguish 180 million people with their private health care, that they're very happy this. The individual mandate was the most unpopular aspect of Obamacare. I got rid of it. And we will protect people. There's nothing symbolic. I'm cutting drug prices. I'm going with Favored Nations, which no President has the courage to do because you're going against big pharma. Drug prices will be coming down 80 or 90%. So we're cutting healthcare. Insulin, it was destroying families, destroying people, the cost. I'm getting it for so cheap it's like water, you want to know the truth. Prescription drug prices, we're going to allow our Governors now to go to other countries to buy drugs because when they paid just a tiny fraction of what we do. No, I want to give them better healthcare at a much lower price, because Obamacare is no good. Obamacare is no good. We made it better and I had a choice to make very early on. We guaranteed pre-existing conditions, but took away the individual mandate. They said the problem is, no matter how well you run Obamacare, it's a disaster. It's too expensive. Premiums are too high, that it doesn't work. Chris, we want to get rid of that and give something that's cheaper and better. If we would've listened to you, the country would have been left wide open, millions of people would have died, not 200,000. And one person is too much. They stopped it from going in, but it was China's fault. You didn't think we should have closed our country because you thought it was terrible. You wouldn't have closed it for another two months. By my doing it early, in fact, Dr. Fauci said, President Trump saved thousands of lives. In fact, people that would not be necessarily on my side said that, President Trump did a phenomenal job. We got the gowns. We got the masks. We made the ventilators. And now we're weeks away from a vaccine. We're doing therapeutics already. Fewer people are dying when they get sick. We've done a great job. I've spoken to Pfizer, I've spoken to all of the people that you have to speak to, Moderna, Johnson & Johnson, and others. They can go faster than that by a lot. Well, we're going to deliver it right away. We have the military all set up. We have our military that delivers soldiers and they can do 200,000 a day. If you would have had the charge of what I was put through, I had to close the greatest economy of the history of our country. And by the way, now it's being built again and it's going up fast. Well, he wants to shut down this country and I want to keep it open, and we did a great thing by shutting it down- We just went through it. We had to, because we didn't know anything about the disease. Now we've found that elderly people with heart problems and diabetes and different problems are very, very vulnerable. Young children aren't, even younger people aren't. We've learned a lot, but he wants to shut it down. More people will be hurt by continuing. No, I think masks are okay. I put a mask on when I think I need it. Tonight, as an example, everybody's had a test and you've had social distancing and all of the things that you have to, but I wear masks- I'm okay with masks. I'm not fighting masks. So we built the greatest economy in history. When the plague came in, we closed it down, which was very hard psychologically to do. He didn't think we should close it down and he was wrong. Again, two million people would be dead now instead of... Still, 204,000 people is too much. Should have never happened from China. But what happened is we closed it down and now we're reopening and we're doing record business. We had 10.4 million people in a four month period that we've put back into the workforce. A lot of people, between drugs and alcohol and depression, when you start shutting it down, you take a look at what's happening at some of your Democrat-run states where they have these tough shutdowns. And I'm telling you it's because they don't want to open it. They think they're hurting us by keeping them closed. They're hurting people. People know what to do. They can social distance. They can wash their hands, they can wear masks. They can do whatever they want, but they got to open these states up. When you look at North Carolina, when you look, and these governors are under siege, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and a couple of others, you got to open these states up. You're talking about almost it's like being in prison. And you look at what's going on with divorce, look at what's going on with alcoholism and drugs. It's a very, very sad thing. This guy will close down the whole country and destroy our country. Our country is coming back incredibly well, setting records as it does it. We don't need somebody to come in and say, Let's shut it down. No, people want their schools open. They don't want to be shut down. They want to get back to their lives. By the way, I brought back Big Ten football. ... and people of Ohio are very proud of me. And you know how I found out? I paid $38 million one year, I paid $27 million one year. You'll see it as soon as it's finished, you'll see it. You know, if you wanted to, go to the Board of Elections. There's 118 page or so report that says everything I have, every bank I have, I'm totally under leveraged because the assets are extremely good, and I built a great company. Chris, let me just say something, that it was the tax laws. I don't want to pay tax. Before I came here, I was a private developer, I was a private business people. Like every other private person, unless they're stupid, they go through the laws, and that's what it is. He passed a tax bill that gave us all these privileges for depreciation and for tax credits. We build the building and we get tax credits, like the hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue. Which by the way, was given to me by the Obama administration, if you can believe that. We've done things that you never even thought of doing. Including fixing the broken military that you gave me, including taking care of your debts. They had the slowest economic recovery since 1929. When the stock market goes up, that means jobs. It also means 401ks. If you got in, if you ever became president with your ideas, you want to terminate my taxes. I'll tell you what, you'll lose. Half of the companies that have poured in here will leave. They will leave and you will have a depression, the likes of which you've never seen. They said it would take- ... a miracle to bring back manufacturing. I brought back 700,000 jobs. Many car companies came in from Germany, from Japan, went to Michigan, went to Ohio and they didn't come in with you. And no wonder your son goes in and he takes out billions of dollars. He makes millions of dollars. And also, while we're at it, why is it just out of curiosity, the mayor of Moscow's wife gave you a son three and a half million dollars? You did a crime bill, 1994, where you call them super predators. African-Americans are super predators and they've never forgotten it. So you did that and they call you a super predator and I'm letting people out of jail now, that you have treated the African-American population community, you have treated the black community about as bad as anybody in this country. You did the 1990... And that's why, if you look at the polls, I'm doing better than any Republican has done in a long time, because they saw what you did. As far as the church is concerned and as far as the generals are concerned, we just got the support of 250 military leaders and generals, total support. Law enforcement, almost every law enforcement group in the United States. I have Florida. I have Texas. I have Ohio. Excuse me, Portland, the sheriff just came out today and he said, I support President Trump. If called us in Portland, we would put out that fire in a half an hour. But they won't do it, because they're run by radical left Democrats. If you look at Chicago, if you look at any place you want to look, Seattle, they heard we were coming in the following day and they put up their hands and we got back Seattle. Minneapolis, we got it back, Joe, because we believe in law and order, but you don't. The top 10 cities and just about the top 40 cities are run by Democrats, and in many cases radical left. And I'll tell you what, the people of this country want and demand law and order and you're afraid to even say it. That it a radical revolution that was taking place in our military, in our schools, all over the place. If you were a certain person, you had no status in life. It was sort of a reversal. And if you look at the people, we were paying people hundreds of thousands of dollars to teach very bad ideas and frankly, very sick ideas. And really, they were teaching people to hate our country And I'm not going to do that. We have to go back to the core values of this country. They were teaching people that our country is a horrible place. It's a racist place. And I'm not going to allow that to happen. I think as a party issue, you can bring in a couple of examples but if you look at Chicago, what's going on in Chicago where a 53 people were shot and eight died shot, if you look at New York where it's going up, like nobody's ever seen anything. The numbers are going up a 100%, 150%, 200% crime, it is crazy what's going on and he doesn't want to say law and order because he can't because he'll lose his radical left supporters and once he does that, it's over with. But if he ever got to run this country and they ran it the way he would want to run it, we would have by the way our suburbs would be gone. I would love to end it. I'm willing to do anything. I want to see peace. You know what, Antifa is a dangerous radical group. Because there is never been an administration or president who has done more than I've done in a period of three and a half years. The greatest, before COVID came in the greatest economy in history, lowest unemployment numbers, everything was good. And by the way, there was unity going to happen. People were calling me for the first time in years, they were calling and they were saying it's time maybe and then what happened? We got hit. But now we're building it back up again. A rebuilding of the military, including Space Force and all of the other things. A fixing of the VA which was a mess under him, 308,000 people died because they didn't have proper health care. It was a mess. And we now got a 91% approval rating at the VA, our vets. We take care of our vets. But we've rebuilt our military. And I'll tell you something, some people say maybe the most important by the end of the first term I'll have approximately 300 Federal judges and Court of Appeals judges, 300 and hopefully three great Supreme Court judges, justices that is a record the likes of which very few people and one of the reasons I'll have so many judges because President Obama and him left me 128 judges to fill. By the end of this term, 300 judges. It's a record. I want crystal clean water and air. We have now the lowest carbon... If you look at our numbers right now, we are doing phenomenally. But I haven't destroyed our businesses. If you look at the Paris Accord, it was a disaster from our standpoint. And people are actually very happy about what's going on because our businesses are doing well. As far as the fires are concerned, you need forest management. In addition to everything else, the forest floors are loaded up with trees, dead trees that are years old and they're like tinder and leaves and everything else. You've got to have forest management. I believe that we have to do everything we can to have immaculate air immaculate water and do whatever else we can that's good. We're planting a billion trees, the Billion Tree Project and it's very exciting for a lot of people. I think to an extent, yes, but I also think we have to do better management of our forest. If that was cleaned, if that were, if you had forest management, good forest management, you wouldn't be getting those calls. In Europe, they live they're forest cities. They call forest cities. They maintain their forest. I was with the head of a major country, it's a forest city. He said, Sir, we have trees that are far more, they ignite much easier than California. There shouldn't be that problem. I spoke with the Governor about it. But I said, At some point you can't every year have hundreds of thousands of acres of land just burned to the ground. That's burning down because of a lack of management. Because it was driving energy prices through the sky. Well, not really because what's happening is the car is much less expensive and it's a much safer car and you talk it about a tiny difference. And then what would happen because of the cost of the car you would have at least double and triple the number of cars purchased. We have the old slugs out there that are 10, 12 years old. If you did that, the car would be safer. It would be much cheaper by $3,500. No, but you would take a lot of cars off the market because people would be able to afford a car. Now, by the way, we're going to see how that turns out. But a lot of people agree with me, many people. The car has gotten so expensive because they have computers all over the place for an extra little bit of gasoline. And I'm okay with electric cars too. I've given big incentives for electric cars but what they've done in California is just crazy. We're supposed to be good. And by the way, he made a couple of statements. The Green New Deal is a hundred trillion dollars. And if you look at crooked Hillary Clinton, if you look at all of the different people, there was no transition, because they came after me trying to do a coup. We've caught them all. And by the way, you gave the idea for the Logan Act against General Flynn. You better take a look at that, because we caught you in a sense, and President Obama was sitting in the office. As far as the ballots are concerned, it's a disaster. A solicited ballot, okay, solicited, is okay. You're asking. You send it back. They're sending millions of ballots all over the country. There's fraud. They sent out a thousand ballots. This is going to be a fraud like you've never seen. On November 3rd, you're watching, and you see who won the election. And I think we're going to do well because people are really happy with the job we've done. But you know what? We won't know. We might not know for months because these ballots are going to be all over. Take a look at what happened in Manhattan. Take a look at what happened in New Jersey. Take a look at what happened in Virginia and other places. They're not losing 2%, 1%, which by the way is too much. An election could be won or lost with that. They're losing 30 and 40%. It's a fraud, and it's a shame. And can you imagine where they say, You have to have your ballot in by November 10th. November 10th. That's seven days after the election, in theory, should have been announced. We have major states   with that- It's a rigged election. I think I'm counting on them to look at the ballots, definitely. What you do is you go and vote. You do a solicited ballot, and that's okay- You go and vote. I'm urging my supporters to go in to the polls and watch very carefully, because that's what has to happen. As you know, today there was a big problem. In Philadelphia, they went in to watch. They weren't allowed to watch. You know why? Because bad things happen in Philadelphia. I hope it's going to be a fair election. If it's a fair election- I am 100% on board. But if I see tens of thousands of ballots being manipulated, I can't go along with that. It means you have a fraudulent election. You're sending out 80 million ballots- These people aren't equipped to handle it, number one. They cheat. Hey, they found ballots in a wastepaper basket three days ago, and they all had the name military ballots. There were military. They all had the name Trump on them. I want to see an honest ballot count.