And I'll tell you something, some people say maybe the most important by the end of the first term I'll have approximately 300 Federal judges and Court of Appeals judges, 300 and hopefully three great Supreme Court judges, justices that is a record the likes of which very few people and one of the reasons I'll have so many judges because President Obama and him left me 128 judges to fill. I think as a party issue, you can bring in a couple of examples but if you look at Chicago, what's going on in Chicago where a 53 people were shot and eight died shot, if you look at New York where it's going up, like nobody's ever seen anything. If you look at Pennsylvania, if you look at certain states that have been shut down, they have Democrat governors, all, one of the reasons they shut down is because they want to keep it shut down until after the election on November 3rd. So you did that and they call you a super predator and I'm letting people out of jail now, that you have treated the African-American population community, you have treated the black community about as bad as anybody in this country. The numbers are going up a 100%, 150%, 200% crime, it is crazy what's going on and he doesn't want to say law and order because he can't because he'll lose his radical left supporters and once he does that, it's over with. Okay, Justice Ginsburg said very powerfully, very strongly, at some point 10 years ago or so, she said a President and the Senate is elected for a period of time, but a President is elected for four years. A lot of people, between drugs and alcohol and depression, when you start shutting it down, you take a look at what's happening at some of your Democrat-run states where they have these tough shutdowns. They left 128 openings and if I were a member of his party, because they have a little different philosophy, I'd say, if you left us 128 openings you can't be a good president. If you look at Chicago, if you look at any place you want to look, Seattle, they heard we were coming in the following day and they put up their hands and we got back Seattle. There's 118 page or so report that says everything I have, every bank I have, I'm totally under leveraged because the assets are extremely good, and I built a great company. But despite going through all of these things where I had a fight, both flanks and behind me and above there has never been an administration that's done what I've done. When you look at North Carolina, when you look, and these governors are under siege, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and a couple of others, you got to open these states up. Prescription drug prices, we're going to allow our Governors now to go to other countries to buy drugs because when they paid just a tiny fraction of what we do. In addition to everything else, the forest floors are loaded up with trees, dead trees that are years old and they're like tinder and leaves and everything else. And if you look at crooked Hillary Clinton, if you look at all of the different people, there was no transition, because they came after me trying to do a coup. You did the 1990... And that's why, if you look at the polls, I'm doing better than any Republican has done in a long time, because they saw what you did. As far as the church is concerned and as far as the generals are concerned, we just got the support of 250 military leaders and generals, total support. I sent in the US Marshalls to get the killer of a young man in the middle of the street and they shot him for three days Portland didn't do anything. The bigger problem that you have is that you're going to extinguish 180 million people with their private health care, that they're very happy this. The only thing I haven't done a good job, and that's because of the fake news, no matter what you say to them, they give you a bad press on it. Well, not really because what's happening is the car is much less expensive and it's a much safer car and you talk it about a tiny difference. But I'll tell you what somebody's got to do something about Antifa and the left because this is not a right wing problem this is a left wing. And if you look at the people, we were paying people hundreds of thousands of dollars to teach very bad ideas and frankly, very sick ideas. But if he ever got to run this country and they ran it the way he would want to run it, we would have by the way our suburbs would be gone. Tonight, as an example, everybody's had a test and you've had social distancing and all of the things that you have to, but I wear masks- And also, while we're at it, why is it just out of curiosity, the mayor of Moscow's wife gave you a son three and a half million dollars? Because there is never been an administration or president who has done more than I've done in a period of three and a half years. People were calling me for the first time in years, they were calling and they were saying it's time maybe and then what happened? And then what would happen because of the cost of the car you would have at least double and triple the number of cars purchased. You agreed with Bernie Sanders on a plan that you absolutely agreed to and under that plan  , they call it socialized medicine. I believe that we have to do everything we can to have immaculate air immaculate water and do whatever else we can that's good. If you would have had the charge of what I was put through, I had to close the greatest economy of the history of our country. And that's despite the impeachment hoax and you so what happened today with Hillary Clinton, where it was a whole big con job. If that was cleaned, if that were, if you had forest management, good forest management, you wouldn't be getting those calls. If we would've listened to you, the country would have been left wide open, millions of people would have died, not 200,000. You can't be a good vice president but I want to thank you because it gives us almost, it'll probably be above that number. I've spoken to Pfizer, I've spoken to all of the people that you have to speak to, Moderna, Johnson & Johnson, and others. And they've got you wrapped around their finger, Joe, to a point where you don't want to say anything about law and order. And we won the election and therefore we have the right to choose her, and very few people knowingly would say otherwise. Now we've found that elderly people with heart problems and diabetes and different problems are very, very vulnerable. Many car companies came in from Germany, from Japan, went to Michigan, went to Ohio and they didn't come in with you. The greatest, before COVID came in the greatest economy in history, lowest unemployment numbers, everything was good. But I said, At some point you can't every year have hundreds of thousands of acres of land just burned to the ground. They shouldn't even call it Obamacare, then I had a choice to make, do I let my people run it really well or badly? The car has gotten so expensive because they have computers all over the place for an extra little bit of gasoline. Joe, you've had 308,000 military people dying because you couldn't provide them proper healthcare in the military. It's become very political because the left... Or I don't know if I call them left, I don't know what I call them. Well, he wants to shut down this country and I want to keep it open, and we did a great thing by shutting it down- And I'll tell you what, the people of this country want and demand law and order and you're afraid to even say it. I ended it because a lot of people were complaining that they were asked to do things that were absolutely insane. We have a professor at Notre Dame, highly respected by all, said she's the single greatest student he's ever had. I'm going with Favored Nations, which no President has the courage to do because you're going against big pharma. You either do, Chris, a solicited ballot, where you're sending it in, they're sending it back and you're sending. And if you were here, it wouldn't be 200, it would be two million people because you were very late on the draw. You better take a look at that, because we caught you in a sense, and President Obama was sitting in the office. A fixing of the VA which was a mess under him, 308,000 people died because they didn't have proper health care. Oh, really, who do you have name one group that supports you name one group that came out and supported you. I'm urging my supporters to go in to the polls and watch very carefully, because that's what has to happen. Once you became vice president he made a fortune in Ukraine, in China, in Moscow and various other places. Hey, they found ballots in a wastepaper basket three days ago, and they all had the name military ballots. In fact, people that would not be necessarily on my side said that, President Trump did a phenomenal job. Like every other private person, unless they're stupid, they go through the laws, and that's what it is. The top 10 cities and just about the top 40 cities are run by Democrats, and in many cases radical left. That it a radical revolution that was taking place in our military, in our schools, all over the place. It's a very political thing because people like this would rather make it political than save lives. We're planting a billion trees, the Billion Tree Project and it's very exciting for a lot of people. It's almost like a ghost town, and I'm not sure it can ever recover what they've done to New York. But they had the slowest economic recovery since 1929, and let me tell you about the stock market. He could be speaking 200 feet away from him and he shows up with the biggest mask I've ever seen. Because you look back at your testimony over the years, you've called them a lot worse than that. No, but you would take a lot of cars off the market because people would be able to afford a car. So when I listen to Joe talking about a transition, there has been no transition from when I won. In fact, some of her biggest endorsers are very liberal people from Notre Dame and other places. They had Merrick Garland, but the problem is they didn't have the election so they were stopped. And you look at what's going on with divorce, look at what's going on with alcoholism and drugs. They found some, just happened to have the name Trump just the other day in a wastepaper basket. We have the Senate, we have the White House, and we have a phenomenal nominee respected by all. But what happened is we closed it down and now we're reopening and we're doing record business. And people are actually very happy about what's going on because our businesses are doing well. No, I want to give them better healthcare at a much lower price, because Obamacare is no good. I've given big incentives for electric cars but what they've done in California is just crazy. He's a racist and he's xenophobic, because you didn't think I should have closed our country. They give you good press, they give me bad press because that's the way it is, unfortunately. We do them outside, we have tremendous crowds, as you see, and literally on 24 hours notice. He passed a tax bill that gave us all these privileges for depreciation and for tax credits. If you got in, if you ever became president with your ideas, you want to terminate my taxes. Excuse me, Portland, the sheriff just came out today and he said, I support President Trump. And, by the way, when you talk about numbers, you don't know how many people died in China. Including fixing the broken military that you gave me, including taking care of your debts. And I think we're going to do well because people are really happy with the job we've done. I think to an extent, yes, but I also think we have to do better management of our forest. We had 10.4 million people in a four month period that we've put back into the workforce. One of them came out last week, you saw that, Oh, we're going to open up on November 9th. Because if you say those words, you're going to lose all of your radical left supporters. By my doing it early, in fact, Dr. Fauci said, President Trump saved thousands of lives. I know but when somebody gets three and a half million dollars from the Mayor of Moscow. But if I see tens of thousands of ballots being manipulated, I can't go along with that. You didn't think we should have closed our country because you thought it was terrible. Which by the way, was given to me by the Obama administration, if you can believe that. And really, they were teaching people to hate our country And I'm not going to do that. He said, Sir, we have trees that are far more, they ignite much easier than California. You could have done it during your 47 year period in government, but you didn't do it. When the plague came in, we closed it down, which was very hard psychologically to do. I'm doing my job as a president, and I'll have 25, 35,000 people show up at airports. They will leave and you will have a depression, the likes of which you've never seen. Minneapolis, we got it back, Joe, because we believe in law and order, but you don't. And can you imagine where they say, You have to have your ballot in by November 10th. We build the building and we get tax credits, like the hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue. Joe, you agreed with Bernie Sanders, who's far left, on the manifesto, we call it. Because he said it's a possibility that we'll have the answer before November 1st. I would say almost everything I see is from the left wing not from the right wing. From the day I came down the escalator with our first lady, they were a disaster. They said the problem is, no matter how well you run Obamacare, it's a disaster. So you said you went to Delaware State, but you forgot the name of your college. A rebuilding of the military, including Space Force and all of the other things. If Pocahontas would have left two days early you would have lost every primary. Chris, we want to get rid of that and give something that's cheaper and better. We've had no negative effect, and we've had 35, 40,000 people at these rallies. Before I came here, I was a private developer, I was a private business people. But if you look at what we've done, I closed it and you said, He's xenophobic. And plenty of companies that are already here, they'll leave for other places. We guaranteed pre-existing conditions, but took away the individual mandate. We might not know for months because these ballots are going to be all over. That's seven days after the election, in theory, should have been announced. And by the way, the Democrats, they wouldn't even think about not doing it. During that period of time, during that period of time, we have an opening. Many of your Democrat Governors said, President Trump did a phenomenal job. And let me just tell you, there was a story in one of the papers that paid- We have our military that delivers soldiers and they can do 200,000 a day. Our country is coming back incredibly well, setting records as it does it. And by the way, you gave the idea for the Logan Act against General Flynn. Law enforcement, almost every law enforcement group in the United States. So why didn't you get the world... China sends up real dirt into the air. I got rid of the individual mandate, which was a big chunk of Obamacare. I'm getting it for so cheap it's like water, you want to know the truth. But for the ballots, I think so, because what's happening is incredible. I read today where at least 1% of the ballots for 2016 were invalidated. Well, first of all, I guess I'm debating you, not him, but that's okay. I paid millions of dollars in taxes, millions of dollars of income tax. My family lost a fortune by coming down and helping us with governance. If called us in Portland, we would put out that fire in a half an hour. Give me a name, give me a name, go ahead who do you want me to condemn. If you look at the Paris Accord, it was a disaster from our standpoint. Obamacare, as you might know but probably don't, Obamacare is no good. But I'll tell you, Joe, you could never have done the job that we did. You call them super predators, and you've called them worse than that. They don't exactly give you a straight count, just so you understand. They can do whatever they want, but they got to open these states up. Why didn't you do it before, when you were vice president with Obama? African-Americans are super predators and they've never forgotten it. During the Obama-Biden administration, there was tremendous division. If I run it badly, they'll probably blame him, but they'll blame me. And no wonder your son goes in and he takes out billions of dollars. But they won't do it, because they're run by radical left Democrats. ... and burn down your stores and kill people all over the place-  . She's going to be as good as anybody that has served on that court. There aren't a hundred million people with pre-existing conditions. That's not what you've said and it's not what your party is saying. Your party wants to go socialist medicine and socialist healthcare. Well, I've spoken to the companies and we can have it a lot sooner. You graduated either the lowest or almost the lowest in your class. This guy will close down the whole country and destroy our country. On November 3rd, you're watching, and you see who won the election. The individual mandate was the most unpopular aspect of Obamacare. And by the way, now it's being built again and it's going up fast. Did Burisma pay him 183,000 a month, with no experience in energy? Insulin, it was destroying families, destroying people, the cost. If you could get the crowds, you would have done the same thing. You did a crime bill, 1994, where you call them super predators. If you look at our numbers right now, we are doing phenomenally. I think I'm counting on them to look at the ballots, definitely. As far as a say is concerned, the people already had their say. In 47 months, I've done more than you've done in 47 years, Joe. Well wait, he didn't get three and a half million dollars, Joe? They were teaching people that our country is a horrible place. Name one law enforcement group that came out in support of you. We don't need somebody to come in and say, Let's shut it down. All you had to do is turn on the lights and you pick up a lot. As far as the fires are concerned, you need forest management. So we won the election and we have the right to do it, Chris. We had to, because we didn't know anything about the disease. Those states are not doing well that are shut down right now. That's a record the likes of which nobody's ever seen before. That's more money than our country could make in 100 years  - You didn't want me to ban China, which was heavily infected. He said it could be there, but it could also be much sooner. Let me shut you down for a second, Joe, just for one second. And I'm telling you it's because they don't want to open it. Now the man got fired right after that happened, but that's- And you ought to be careful of them, they'll over throw you. We made it better and I had a choice to make very early on. Chris, let me just say something, that it was the tax laws. Frankly, it was more violent than what I'm even seeing now. I was with the head of a major country, it's a forest city. They were a disgrace to our country, and we've caught them. I hope we don't need them, in terms of the election itself. They're called poll watchers, a very safe, very nice thing. Half of the companies that have poured in here will leave. You drop a cigarette in there the whole forest burns down. I think a lot of things do, but I think to an extent, yes. We have the old slugs out there that are 10, 12 years old. He and his friends made it up, and then they went with it. Take a look at what happened in Virginia and other places. Take a look at West Virginia, mailman selling the ballots. You graduated last in your class not first in your class. Listen, you agreed with Bernie Sanders and the manifesto. He didn't think we should close it down and he was wrong. Again, two million people would be dead now instead of... I paid $38 million one year, I paid $27 million one year. You know, if you wanted to, go to the Board of Elections. And you would see problems like you've never seen before. And we now got a 91% approval rating at the VA, our vets. And he didn't have a job until you became vice president. They're sending millions of ballots all over the country. Chris, he's so wrong when he makes a statement like that- He's been a professor for a long time at a great school. They stopped it from going in, but it was China's fault. We use airports and hangers and we have a lot of people- And Joe does the circles and has three people someplace. Why did he deserve three and a half million from Moscow? If you were a certain person, you had no status in life. They're not losing 2%, 1%, which by the way is too much. We've done things that you never even thought of doing. You look at Ferguson, you look at, or you go to very... Now, by the way, we're going to see how that turns out. They started from the day I won, and even before I won. Take a look at all of the drugs that what we're doing. You're talking about almost it's like being in prison. You'll see it as soon as it's finished, you'll see it. We have to go back to the core values of this country.