Chris, that was the worst part of Obamacare. They shouldn't even call it Obamacare, then I had a choice to make, do I let my people run it really well or badly? But I'll tell you, Joe, you could never have done the job that we did. Tell that to Nancy Pelosi, and Schumer   Chuck. Let me shut you down for a second, Joe, just for one second. We don't need somebody to come in and say, Let's shut it down. And let me just tell you, there was a story in one of the papers that paid- But let me tell you- Let me- But let me just tell you- Chris, let me just say something, that it was the tax laws. Like every other private person, unless they're stupid, they go through the laws, and that's what it is. But they had the slowest economic recovery since 1929, and let me tell you about the stock market. Hey, let me just tell you, Joe- Chris, can I be honest? Law enforcement, almost every law enforcement group in the United States. You can't even say the word law enforcement. Why don't you say the words law enforcement? Minneapolis, we got it back, Joe, because we believe in law and order, but you don't. And they've got you wrapped around their finger, Joe, to a point where you don't want to say anything about law and order. And I'll tell you what, the people of this country want and demand law and order and you're afraid to even say it. ... don't want to talk, like you, about law and order. The numbers are going up a 100%, 150%, 200% crime, it is crazy what's going on and he doesn't want to say law and order because he can't because he'll lose his radical left supporters and once he does that, it's over with. Name one law enforcement group that came out in support of you. So don't tell me about a free transition. And I'll tell you why- I'll tell you what it means-

Okay, Justice Ginsburg said very powerfully, very strongly, at some point 10 years ago or so, she said a President and the Senate is elected for a period of time, but a President is elected for four years. You could have done it during your 47 year period in government, but you didn't do it. I paid $38 million one year, I paid $27 million one year. But why didn't you do it over the last 25 years? Why didn't you do it over the last 25 years? In 47 months, I've done more than you've done in 47 years, Joe. Ohio had the best year it's ever had last year. Michigan had the best year they've ever had. Because you look back at your testimony over the years, you've called them a lot worse than that. Because there is never been an administration or president who has done more than I've done in a period of three and a half years. People were calling me for the first time in years, they were calling and they were saying it's time maybe and then what happened? We have the old slugs out there that are 10, 12 years old. That's more money than our country could make in 100 years  - So why didn't he do it for 47 years?

We have the Senate, we have the White House, and we have a phenomenal nominee respected by all. She's going to be as good as anybody that has served on that court. We have a professor at Notre Dame, highly respected by all, said she's the single greatest student he's ever had. He's been a professor for a long time at a great school. And probably that would happen in reverse, also. So we have the Senate, we have a President- During that period of time, during that period of time, we have an opening. Well, you're certainly going to socialist. You're going to socialist- Your party doesn't say it. You would have been much later, Joe, much later. I got rid of the individual mandate, which was a big chunk of Obamacare. The individual mandate was the most unpopular aspect of Obamacare. Well, first of all, I guess I'm debating you, not him, but that's okay. I'm going with Favored Nations, which no President has the courage to do because you're going against big pharma. Drug prices will be coming down 80 or 90%. Take a look at all of the drugs that what we're doing. Prescription drug prices, we're going to allow our Governors now to go to other countries to buy drugs because when they paid just a tiny fraction of what we do. Joe, you agreed with Bernie Sanders, who's far left, on the manifesto, we call it. If Pocahontas would have left two days early you would have lost every primary. You graduated last in your class not first in your class. Listen, you agreed with Bernie Sanders and the manifesto. You agreed with Bernie Sanders on a plan that you absolutely agreed to and under that plan  , they call it socialized medicine. Obamacare, as you might know but probably don't, Obamacare is no good. We made it better and I had a choice to make very early on. We guaranteed pre-existing conditions, but took away the individual mandate. And that destroyed ... If I run it badly, they'll probably blame him, but they'll blame me. Premiums are too high, that it doesn't work. They stopped it from going in, but it was China's fault. They don't exactly give you a straight count, just so you understand. You wouldn't have closed it for another two months. The only thing I haven't done a good job, and that's because of the fake news, no matter what you say to them, they give you a bad press on it. They give you good press, they give me bad press because that's the way it is, unfortunately. Well, you didn't do very well in Swine Flu. You don't trust Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer? I've spoken to Pfizer, I've spoken to all of the people that you have to speak to, Moderna, Johnson & Johnson, and others. Well, we're going to deliver it right away. We have our military that delivers soldiers and they can do 200,000 a day. They're going to be delivering- It's all set up. You'll have the vaccine sooner than that. We spoke to the scientists that are in charge- ... they will have the vaccine very soon. You graduated either the lowest or almost the lowest in your class. If you would have had the charge of what I was put through, I had to close the greatest economy of the history of our country. But those states- You have to understand, if you look... I mean, I have a mask right here. Tonight, as an example, everybody's had a test and you've had social distancing and all of the things that you have to, but I wear masks- ... when needed. He could be speaking 200 feet away from him and he shows up with the biggest mask I've ever seen. I will say this- They've also said- Dr. Fauci. I mean- Well, so far we have had no problem whatsoever. That's a big difference according to the experts. We do them outside, we have tremendous crowds, as you see, and literally on 24 hours notice. If you could get the crowds, you would have done the same thing. So we built the greatest economy in history. We closed it down because of the China plague. When the plague came in, we closed it down, which was very hard psychologically to do. But what happened is we closed it down and now we're reopening and we're doing record business. That's a record the likes of which nobody's ever seen before. A lot of people, between drugs and alcohol and depression, when you start shutting it down, you take a look at what's happening at some of your Democrat-run states where they have these tough shutdowns. One of them came out last week, you saw that, Oh, we're going to open up on November 9th. They can wash their hands, they can wear masks. When you look at North Carolina, when you look, and these governors are under siege, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and a couple of others, you got to open these states up. You're talking about almost it's like being in prison. And you look at what's going on with divorce, look at what's going on with alcoholism and drugs. This guy will close down the whole country and destroy our country. Our country is coming back incredibly well, setting records as it does it. It's so sad what's happening in New York. It's almost like a ghost town, and I'm not sure it can ever recover what they've done to New York. By the way, I brought back Big Ten football. It was me and I'm very happy to do it- You'll see it as soon as it's finished, you'll see it. There's 118 page or so report that says everything I have, every bank I have, I'm totally under leveraged because the assets are extremely good, and I built a great company. He passed a tax bill that gave us all these privileges for depreciation and for tax credits. We build the building and we get tax credits, like the hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue. Which by the way, was given to me by the Obama administration, if you can believe that. Now the man got fired right after that happened, but that's- That's okay. You were a Senator and  - Including fixing the broken military that you gave me, including taking care of your debts. Why didn't you do it before, when you were vice president with Obama? Our economy boomed like it's never boomed before. They had the slowest economic recovery since 1929. Also, they took over something that was down here. When the stock market goes up, that means jobs. Half of the companies that have poured in here will leave. And plenty of companies that are already here, they'll leave for other places. They will leave and you will have a depression, the likes of which you've never seen. Many car companies came in from Germany, from Japan, went to Michigan, went to Ohio and they didn't come in with you. What did he do with- ... to deserve $183,000? Did Burisma pay him 183,000 a month, with no experience in energy? By the media, because they refuse to talk about it- ... because they're embarrassed. My family- My family lost a fortune by coming down and helping us with governance. Every single one of them lost a fortune- It's a very important question- He stood up- ... and the threatened Ukraine- ... with a billion dollars- Well, that's all right, but he does plenty. So- You did a crime bill, 1994, where you call them super predators. African-Americans are super predators and they've never forgotten it. So you did that and they call you a super predator and I'm letting people out of jail now, that you have treated the African-American population community, you have treated the black community about as bad as anybody in this country. You did the 1990... And that's why, if you look at the polls, I'm doing better than any Republican has done in a long time, because they saw what you did. You call them super predators, and you've called them worse than that. As far as the church is concerned and as far as the generals are concerned, we just got the support of 250 military leaders and generals, total support. Because if you say those words, you're going to lose all of your radical left supporters. If called us in Portland, we would put out that fire in a half an hour. But they won't do it, because they're run by radical left Democrats. If you look at Chicago, if you look at any place you want to look, Seattle, they heard we were coming in the following day and they put up their hands and we got back Seattle. The top 10 cities and just about the top 40 cities are run by Democrats, and in many cases radical left. When they run through the middle of the town- Fine. That it a radical revolution that was taking place in our military, in our schools, all over the place. If you were a certain person, you had no status in life. We have to go back to the core values of this country. And I'm not going to allow that to happen. During the Obama-Biden administration, there was tremendous division. You look at Ferguson, you look at, or you go to very... Many places, look at Oakland. Look what happened... Frankly, it was more violent than what I'm even seeing now. But the reason- ... is that the Democrats that run these cities- And you still haven't mentioned. The places we had trouble were democratic run cities- I think as a party issue, you can bring in a couple of examples but if you look at Chicago, what's going on in Chicago where a 53 people were shot and eight died shot, if you look at New York where it's going up, like nobody's ever seen anything. But if he ever got to run this country and they ran it the way he would want to run it, we would have by the way our suburbs would be gone. And you would see problems like you've never seen before. That's not what they are talking about this. Oh, really, who do you have name one group that supports you name one group that came out and supported you. I sent in the US Marshalls to get the killer of a young man in the middle of the street and they shot him for three days Portland didn't do anything. I sent in the US Marshals they took care of business. Wait a second, you have made a statement. I'll send in the National Guard, it would be over. I would say almost everything I see is from the left wing not from the right wing. But I'll tell you what somebody's got to do something about Antifa and the left because this is not a right wing problem this is a left wing. You know what, Antifa is a dangerous radical group. And you ought to be careful of them, they'll over throw you. And that's despite the impeachment hoax and you so what happened today with Hillary Clinton, where it was a whole big con job. But despite going through all of these things where I had a fight, both flanks and behind me and above there has never been an administration that's done what I've done. The greatest, before COVID came in the greatest economy in history, lowest unemployment numbers, everything was good. And by the way, there was unity going to happen. A rebuilding of the military, including Space Force and all of the other things. And we now got a 91% approval rating at the VA, our vets. And I'll tell you something, some people say maybe the most important by the end of the first term I'll have approximately 300 Federal judges and Court of Appeals judges, 300 and hopefully three great Supreme Court judges, justices that is a record the likes of which very few people and one of the reasons I'll have so many judges because President Obama and him left me 128 judges to fill. When you leave office, you don't leave any judges. They left 128 openings and if I were a member of his party, because they have a little different philosophy, I'd say, if you left us 128 openings you can't be a good president. Are you talking Hunter, are you talking about Hunter. He was thrown out dishonorably discharged. And he didn't have a job until you became vice president. Once you became vice president he made a fortune in Ukraine, in China, in Moscow and various other places. He made a fortune and he didn't have a job. We have now the lowest carbon... If you look at our numbers right now, we are doing phenomenally. Our businesses aren't put out of commission. If you look at the Paris Accord, it was a disaster from our standpoint. As far as the fires are concerned, you need forest management. In addition to everything else, the forest floors are loaded up with trees, dead trees that are years old and they're like tinder and leaves and everything else. You drop a cigarette in there the whole forest burns down. I believe that we have to do everything we can to have immaculate air immaculate water and do whatever else we can that's good. California's burning, California's burning. If that was cleaned, if that were, if you had forest management, good forest management, you wouldn't be getting those calls. In Europe, they live they're forest cities. I was with the head of a major country, it's a forest city. I'm getting along very well with the governor. But I said, At some point you can't every year have hundreds of thousands of acres of land just burned to the ground. That's burning down because of a lack of management. Because it was driving energy prices through the sky. Well, not really because what's happening is the car is much less expensive and it's a much safer car and you talk it about a tiny difference. And then what would happen because of the cost of the car you would have at least double and triple the number of cars purchased. Now, by the way, we're going to see how that turns out. The car has gotten so expensive because they have computers all over the place for an extra little bit of gasoline. I've given big incentives for electric cars but what they've done in California is just crazy. Not true- He's talking about the Green New Deal. It's the dumbest- ... most ridiculous   where two car systems are out- That's not true either, right? This is a 100 trillion- You were vice president- So why didn't you get the world... China sends up real dirt into the air. And by the way, he made a couple of statements. The Green New Deal is a hundred trillion dollars. He and his friends made it up, and then they went with it. You're on tape- Oh, well, that's a big statement. So when I listen to Joe talking about a transition, there has been no transition from when I won. And if you look at crooked Hillary Clinton, if you look at all of the different people, there was no transition, because they came after me trying to do a coup. They came after me spying on my campaign. They started from the day I won, and even before I won. From the day I came down the escalator with our first lady, they were a disaster. They were a disgrace to our country, and we've caught them. And by the way, you gave the idea for the Logan Act against General Flynn. You better take a look at that, because we caught you in a sense, and President Obama was sitting in the office. As far as the ballots are concerned, it's a disaster. A solicited ballot, okay, solicited, is okay. If you have an unsolicited... There's fraud. They found some, just happened to have the name Trump just the other day in a wastepaper basket. This is going to be a fraud like you've never seen. Take a look at what happened in Manhattan. Take a look at what happened in New Jersey. Take a look at what happened in Virginia and other places. They're not losing 2%, 1%, which by the way is too much. And can you imagine where they say, You have to have your ballot in by November 10th. We have major states   with that- ... all run by Democrats- All run by Democrats. I read today where at least 1% of the ballots for 2016 were invalidated. You do a solicited ballot, and that's okay- You go and vote. You go and vote- You either do, Chris, a solicited ballot, where you're sending it in, they're sending it back and you're sending. Take a look at West Virginia, mailman selling the ballots. This is a horrible thing for our country. This is not going to end well- I love counting the votes  - Chris, he's so wrong when he makes a statement like that- Excuse me  - Could be months- I'm urging my supporters to go in to the polls and watch very carefully, because that's what has to happen. They're called poll watchers, a very safe, very nice thing. Because bad things happen in Philadelphia. But if I see tens of thousands of ballots being manipulated, I can't go along with that. ... from a common sense- They're not equipped... Number two, they cheat. Hey, they found ballots in a wastepaper basket three days ago, and they all had the name military ballots.

I paid millions of dollars in taxes, millions of dollars of income tax. And no wonder your son goes in and he takes out billions of dollars. He takes out billions of dollars to manage. And also, while we're at it, why is it just out of curiosity, the mayor of Moscow's wife gave you a son three and a half million dollars? Oh really, he didn't get three and a half million? Well wait, he didn't get three and a half million dollars, Joe? He got three and a half million- ... dollars. He got three and a half million dollars from Moscow. Why did he deserve three and a half million from Moscow? You son got three and a half million dollars. But why was he given tens of millions of dollars? I know but when somebody gets three and a half million dollars from the Mayor of Moscow. They're sending millions of ballots all over the country.

That's not what you've said and it's not what your party is saying. That's not what your party says, by the way. They said the problem is, no matter how well you run Obamacare, it's a disaster. But if you look at what we've done, I closed it and you said, He's xenophobic. By my doing it early, in fact, Dr. Fauci said, President Trump saved thousands of lives. Many of your Democrat Governors said, President Trump did a phenomenal job. The Governors said I did a phenomenal job. In fact, people that would not be necessarily on my side said that, President Trump did a phenomenal job. Your own Chief of Staff said you were a disaster. He said it could be there, but it could also be much sooner. Because he said it's a possibility that we'll have the answer before November 1st. That was said sarcastically, and you know that. So you said you went to Delaware State, but you forgot the name of your college. He said very strongly, Masks are not good. They said it would take... No, you're on number two. They said it would take- Excuse me, Portland, the sheriff just came out today and he said, I support President Trump. And why aren't you saying those words, Joe? He said, Sir, we have trees that are far more, they ignite much easier than California. And it's not 2 billion   or 20 billion, as you said  . I never said that at all- He said I said something about the military.

Even if we did it after the election itself. They had Merrick Garland, but the problem is they didn't have the election so they were stopped. So we won the election and we have the right to do it, Chris. Your party wants to go socialist medicine and socialist healthcare. You didn't want me to ban China, which was heavily infected. Because they want to give good healthcare. I'm getting it for so cheap it's like water, you want to know the truth. No, I want to give them better healthcare at a much lower price, because Obamacare is no good. Chris, we want to get rid of that and give something that's cheaper and better. Well, he wants to shut down this country and I want to keep it open, and we did a great thing by shutting it down- He wants to shut down the country. If you look at Pennsylvania, if you look at certain states that have been shut down, they have Democrat governors, all, one of the reasons they shut down is because they want to keep it shut down until after the election on November 3rd. Those states are not doing well that are shut down right now. And he wants to close down the... He will shut it down again. And I'm telling you it's because they don't want to open it. They can do whatever they want, but they got to open these states up. They'll be careful, but they want their schools open. You know, if you wanted to, go to the Board of Elections. If you got in, if you ever became president with your ideas, you want to terminate my taxes. But I don't want to accept the National Guard. Give me a name, give me a name, go ahead who do you want me to condemn. You can't be a good vice president but I want to thank you because it gives us almost, it'll probably be above that number. where they want to take out the cows too. On November 3rd, you're watching, and you see who won the election. An election could be won or lost with that. That's seven days after the election, in theory, should have been announced. I hope we don't need them, in terms of the election itself. If it's a fair election- It means you have a fraudulent election. I want to see an honest ballot cut- I want to see an honest ballot count.

It's become very political because the left... Or I don't know if I call them left, I don't know what I call them. We had to, because we didn't know anything about the disease. And you know it, and so does everybody else. And he would know it- You just don't know. We might not know for months because these ballots are going to be all over. You know it can't, and already, there's been fraud  - As you know, today there was a big problem.

In fact, some of her biggest endorsers are very liberal people from Notre Dame and other places. And we won the election and therefore we have the right to choose her, and very few people knowingly would say otherwise. There aren't a hundred million people with pre-existing conditions. As far as a say is concerned, the people already had their say. Joe, the hundred million people is totally wrong. The bigger problem that you have is that you're going to extinguish 180 million people with their private health care, that they're very happy this. Joe, you've had 308,000 military people dying because you couldn't provide them proper healthcare in the military. And if you were here, it wouldn't be 200, it would be two million people because you were very late on the draw. Insulin, it was destroying families, destroying people, the cost. But more importantly, I want to help people. If we would've listened to you, the country would have been left wide open, millions of people would have died, not 200,000. And, by the way, when you talk about numbers, you don't know how many people died in China. You don't know how many people died in Russia. You don't know how many people died in India. Fewer people are dying when they get sick. We would have lost far more people, far more people. It's a very political thing because people like this would rather make it political than save lives. Now we've found that elderly people with heart problems and diabetes and different problems are very, very vulnerable. Young children aren't, even younger people aren't. Because people want to hear what I have to say. I'm doing my job as a president, and I'll have 25, 35,000 people show up at airports. And Joe does the circles and has three people someplace. We've had no negative effect, and we've had 35, 40,000 people at these rallies. Again, two million people would be dead now instead of... Still, 204,000 people is too much. We had 10.4 million people in a four month period that we've put back into the workforce. Before I came here, I was a private developer, I was a private business people. and burn down your stores and kill people all over the place-  . And if you look at the people, we were paying people hundreds of thousands of dollars to teach very bad ideas and frankly, very sick ideas. And really, they were teaching people to hate our country And I'm not going to do that. They were teaching people that our country is a horrible place. And they were teaching people to hate our country. A fixing of the VA which was a mess under him, 308,000 people died because they didn't have proper health care. And people are actually very happy about what's going on because our businesses are doing well. But a lot of people agree with me, many people. These people aren't equipped to handle it, number one.

I have a lot of time after the election, as you know. The only difference is they'd try and do it faster. You want to put a lot of new Supreme Court Justices. Well, I've spoken to the companies and we can have it a lot sooner. And by the way, now it's being built again and it's going up fast. We've learned a lot, but he wants to shut it down. We use airports and hangers and we have a lot of people- Much faster. All you had to do is turn on the lights and you pick up a lot. I ended it because a lot of people were complaining that they were asked to do things that were absolutely insane. We're planting a billion trees, the Billion Tree Project and it's very exciting for a lot of people. No, but you would take a lot of cars off the market because people would be able to afford a car. You make up a lot- They have mailmen with lots of it.

And by the way, the Democrats, they wouldn't even think about not doing it. He's a racist and he's xenophobic, because you didn't think I should have closed our country. You didn't think we should have closed our country because you thought it was terrible. He didn't think we should close it down and he was wrong. They think they're hurting us by keeping them closed. We've done things that you never even thought of doing. I don't think you have any law enforcement. I think a lot of things do, but I think to an extent, yes. I think to an extent, yes, but I also think we have to do better management of our forest. And I think we're going to do well because people are really happy with the job we've done. I think I'm counting on them to look at the ballots, definitely. But for the ballots, I think so, because what's happening is incredible.

